[Term Entry]: PHP strtoupper() (#2718)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/string-functions/terms/strtoupper/strtoupper.md

---
Title: 'strtoupper()'
Description: 'Converts each character in a string to uppercase.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`strtoupper()`** function converts all the characters in a string to uppercase.

## Syntax

```pseudo
strtoupper(string_to_convert);
```

The `string_to_convert` parameter is the string that will be converted to uppercase.

> ## Codebyte

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

Reviewer: generally we include one or more standard examples (depending on the entry) and zero or more codebytes (these are not always part of an entry)

> The following code is runnable to show how `strtoupper()` alters the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code demonstrates the use of `strtoupper()` to alter a string.
```

> ```codebyte/php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
```

<?php
echo strtoupper("hello, world!");
?>

> ```

Reviewer: include a ```shell block with the output preceded by a sentence such as: "The code results in the following:"
